the Israeli Army says this video shows
the moment G faran aladi was rescued
calling it a complex rescue
operation however other reports suggest
that he was alone with no captives or no
captives which seems to contradict the
military statement and suggests he had
been released or
escaped prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu was quick to call it a
success welcome home Farhan aladi I
commend the IDF and the ISA for another
successful rescue operation we're
working relentlessly to return all of
our hostages we're doing this in two
main ways negotiations and rescue
operations the two of these together
require our military presence on the
ground and constant military pressure on
Hamas we will continue to act until we
return all of them
home the hostages Family Forum the
umbrella organization that represents
the families of Israeli captives was
critical saying Netanyahu simply isn't
doing enough to get a ceasefire and to
bring the captives
home Kai's family a bedin a community
long discriminated against by Israeli
authorities according to local human
rights groups that have long criticized
Israel's destruction of bedin villages
and
homes today though a feeling of relief
that he's back safe and wishes that the
108 remaining captives would also be
home
soon this party and this happiness will
be for all the hostages we hope that it
will come for them today before tomorrow
that there will be a deal already and
all the hostages will be released and
all the happiness that we feel is felt
by all the families and parents of the
hostages according to the Israeli Army
33 of the remaining captives are dead
with ceasefire talks bogged down and
Israel insisting on changing the
structure of a de an immediate ceasefire
seems
unlikely so whilst this release is being
celebrated for captive family the only
serious option ahead is a truce similar
to the one last November which led to
105 captives being exchanged for
Palestinian
prisoners Imran
khaner make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer